Welcome to your first Coding Challenge
in this course.
And so this is the challenge that I want you to take.
So Mark and John are trying to compare their
Body Mass Indexes, which is calculated by
dividing the mass by the squared height.
Okay?
So this formula here.
And to calculate the square of a number,
you simply have to multiply it by itself.
And so the final formula becomes
mass divided by height times height.
Okay?
And here, note that the height must be in meters
and the mass in kilograms.
All right?
Now the first step that you have to complete
is to store Mark's and John's mass and heights
in different variables.
Okay?
So just like we've been doing all this time
up until this point.
Then next up, calculate both their BMIs,
then create a boolean variable containing information
about whether Mark has a higher BMI than John.
And so with that again, we did before.
And then finally, you can print a string to the console
saying something like, "Is Mark's BMI higher than John's?"
And then the boolean that you created,
or that you calculated in step three.
Okay?
So true or false.
And so this is, again, very similar to something
that we did before, and so this should be
not a big problem to you, hopefully.
Now if you find some problem here,
if you cannot really solve it,
then it's absolutely no problem here, okay?
So don't beat yourself up if you're not able to 100%
complete this.
So everyone has different learning speeds
and learning styles,
and so it's really okay if you're not able to do it
100% on your own here.
Okay?
So if you need to look up something that we did before,
that's not a big deal, but you should really try
to remember the stuff that we did before
and use that to solve this challenge.
Okay?
Anyway, the solution to this is in the next video,
where I'm gonna show you how I would calculate this.
So good luck with this, and see you in the video
after you complete this Coding Challenge.